feat: Remove unnecessary dataset id references (#193)
International-Data-Spaces-Association/ids-specification: model/model.md

A [Dataset](./terminology.md#dataset) is a [DCAT Dataset](https://www.w3.org/TR/vocab-dcat-3/#Class:Dataset) with the following attributes:

> 1..N `hasPolicy` attributes that contain an [ODRL `Offer`](https://www.w3.org/TR/odrl-vocab/#term-Offer) defining the [Usage Policy](./terminology.md#policy) associated with the [Dataset](./terminology.md#dataset). **_Offers must NOT contain any target attributes. The

Author: ```suggestion
- 1..N `hasPolicy` attributes that contain an [ODRL `Offer`](https://www.w3.org/TR/odrl-vocab/#term-Offer) defining the [Usage Policy](./terminology.md#policy) associated with the [Dataset](./terminology.md#dataset). **_Offers must NOT contain any target attributes. The
```

A [Dataset](./terminology.md#dataset) is a [DCAT Dataset](https://www.w3.org/TR/vocab-dcat-3/#Class:Dataset) with the following attributes:

> - 1..N `hasPolicy` attributes that contain an [ODRL `Offer`](https://www.w3.org/TR/odrl-vocab/#term-Offer) defining the [Usage Policy](./terminology.md#policy) associated with the [Dataset](./terminology.md#dataset). **Offers must contain one root `target` property that is the id of the associated [Dataset](./terminology.md#dataset). Policy constraints must not contain `target` properties.** 

Author: ```suggestion
1..N `hasPolicy` attributes that contain an [ODRL `Offer`](https://www.w3.org/TR/odrl-vocab/#term-Offer) defining the [Usage Policy](./terminology.md#policy) associated with the [Dataset](./terminology.md#dataset). **_Offers must NOT contain any target attributes. The
  target of an [Offer](./terminology.md#offer) is the associated [Dataset](./terminology.md#dataset)._** (ODRL PROFILE)
```
